.IX Title "UCK-REMASTER 1"
.TH UCK-REMASTER 1 "2009-02-04" "2.4.5" ""
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
\&\fBuck-remaster\fR \- Ubuntu Customization Kit main remastering backend script
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
uck-remaster [-m] iso-file.iso [customization-scripts-dir [remaster-dir] ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBuck-remaster\fR takes an Ubuntu ISO image, an optional scripts directory
and an optional "remaster-dir" as arguments and does the whole process of
generating the customized ISO automatically.
.PP
The optional customization-scripts-dir argument designates a directory that
contains the scripts to use during remastering. By default this is
~/tmp/customization-scripts and will be created from a template by a call to
uck-remaster without the customization-scripts-dir argument.
.PP
If the optional "remaster-dir" is specified this will be used as (local!)
directory that will contain all data created during the customization process.
This defaults to ~/tmp if not specified.
.PP
For historical (backwards compatibility) reasons the remaster-dir can only be
specified, if the customization-scripts-dir argument is specified, too.
.PP
If the \fB\-m\fR option is specified, a set of loop back and unionfs mounts
will be used to create a writeable instance of the ISO image accessible as
\&\fBremaster-iso\fR under \fBremaster-dir\fR. The modified parts of the ISO
will be cached in \fBremaster-iso-cache\fR under \fBremaster-dir\fR.
This is a lot faster and requires less disk space, but may not work for all
scenarios and mandates the installation of some additional software (i.e.
fuse-utils and unionfs-fuse).
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
\fBUbuntu Customization Kit\fR has been written by Fabrizio Balliano \
<fabrizio.balliano@crealabs.it> and Krzysztof Lichota <krzysiek@lichota.net>
.PP
This manual was provided by Fabrizio Balliano <fabrizio.balliano@crealabs.it>
and Alessio Treglia <quadrispro@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Source code for the \fBUbuntu Customization Kit\fR is available at
http://uck.sourceforge.net
.PP
Bugs can be reported at https://bugs.launchpad.net/uck/
