.IX Title "UCK-BUILD 1"
.TH UCK-BUILD 1 "2010-10-06" "0.4.8" ""
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
\&\fBuck-build\fR \- Non-Interactive Ubuntu Customization Kit Workflow Tool
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
uck-build [ -m ] project-directory
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBuck-build\fR is the non-gui version of uck-flow. 
.PP
\fBuck-build\fR projects are directories with a predefined structure: A project
contains a subdirectory named "customization-scripts" that contains all the
procedures required for customizations and a project configuration file named "project.uck".
.PP
Additional subdirectories are created during the customization steps
(they all have the prefix remaster-) and are removed by the final cleanup.
.PP
The argument is the name of a project directory as created by a previous
run of \fBuck-flow\fR.
.PP
\fBuck-build\fR is based on the tools provided by the Ubuntu Customization Kit,
therefore the same restrictions and caveats apply as for UCK. Most notably:
UCK requires plenty of disk space for the project on a non-encrypted local
volume and root privileges for many of the steps.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
\fBuck-build\fR has been written by Wolf Geldmacher <wolf@womaro.ch>
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.IH Header "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright 2010, The Ubuntu Customization Team.
.br
\fBuck-build\fR is provided under the GNU Public License (GPL Version 3).
