.IX Title "UCK-FLOW 1"
.TH UCK-FLOW 1 "2008-02-04" "2.2.0" ""
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
\&\fBuck-flow\fR \- Ubuntu Customization Kit Workflow Tool
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
uck-flow [ project-directory ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBuck-flow\fR is an alternative graphical user interface for the Ubuntu
Customization Kit.
.PP
In contrast to uck-gui(1), which is tuned to allow easy execution of common
customizations, \fBuck-flow\fR provides a fine grained control over each of the
customization steps. In order to make use of this flexibility, some (shell\-)
programming skills are required.
.PP
\fBuck-flow\fR provides templates for some of the most common customizations,
can easily be extended with more templates and allows (re\-)execution of
arbitrary customization steps.
.PP
The steps provided are:  "prepareIso", "unpackIso", "unpackRoot",
"customizeRoot", "packRoot", "customizeIso", "unpackInitrd", "customizeInitrd",
"packInitrd", "packIso", "test" and "cleanup".
.PP
User defined customization can be done in the "prepareIso", "customizeRoot",
"customizeIso", "customizeInitrd" and "test" steps. The other steps directly
map onto procedures provided by the Ubuntu Customization Kit.
.PP
\fBuck-flow\fR projects are directories with a predefined structure: A project
contains a subdirectory named "customization-scripts" that contains all the
procedures required for customizations (corresponding to the steps listed
above) and a project configuration file named "project.uck".
.PP
Additional subdirectories are created during the customization steps
(they all have the prefix remaster-) and are removed by the final cleanup.
.PP
The optional argument is the name of a project directory created by a previous
run of \fBuck-flow\fR. If given, \fBuck-flow\fR will start with that project
already loaded.
.PP
\fBuck-flow\fR is based on the tools provided by the Ubuntu Customization Kit,
therefore the same restrictions and caveats apply as for UCK. Most notably:
UCK requires plenty of disk space for the project on a non-encrypted local
volume and root privileges for many of the steps.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
\fBuck-flow\fR has been written by Wolf Geldmacher <wolf@womaro.ch>
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.IH Header "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright 2010, The Ubuntu Customization Team.
.br
\fBuck-flow\fR is provided under the GNU Public License (GPL Version 3).
