.IX Title "UCK-GUI 1"
.TH UCK-GUI 1 "2008-02-04" "2.3.4" ""
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
\&\fBuck-gui\fR \- Ubuntu Customization Kit graphical user interface
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
uck-gui [-m] [scripts-dir] [remaster-dir]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBUbuntu Customization Kit\fR is a tool that helps you customizing
official Ubuntu Live CDs (including Kubuntu/Xubuntu and Edubuntu) to your
needs. You can add (almost) any package to the live system, for example
language packs, or applications.
.PP
If the optional scripts-dir parameter is specified it is assumed to be the name
of a directory containing the scripts to use during customization. If not given
it defaults to an enhanced copy of
/usr/lib/uck/customization-profiles/localized_cd, as localization of CD's is
the most common task performed with UCK.
.PP
If the optional "remaster-dir" is specified this will be used as (local!)
directory that will contain all data created during the customization process.
This defaults to ~/tmp if not specified.
.PP
To perform a customization with the default customization scripts in a different
location use an explicit empty second parameter (e.g. "").
.PP
If the \fB\-m\fR option is specified, a set of loop back and unionfs mounts
will be used to create a writeable instance of the ISO image accessible as
\&\fBremaster-iso\fR under \fBremaster-dir\fR. The modified parts of the ISO
will be cached in \fBremaster-iso-cache\fR under \fBremaster-dir\fR.
This is a lot faster and requires less disk space, but may not work for all
scenarios and mandates the installation of some additional software (i.e.
fuse-utils and unionfs-fuse).
.PP
Note that \fBuck-gui\fR is an interface designed to make localization of and
simple addition of packages to Ubuntu Live-CD's simple, but that the UCK
toolset command line interface is much more powerful.
.PP
There also is an alternative GUI (separately packaged as python_uckflow) that
is somewhat more powerful but requires knowledge of shell programming.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
\fBUbuntu Customization Kit\fR has been written by Fabrizio Balliano \
<fabrizio.balliano@crealabs.it> and Krzysztof Lichota <krzysiek@lichota.net>
.PP
This manual was provided by Alessio Treglia <quadrispro@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Source code for the \fBUbuntu Customization Kit\fR is available at
http://uck.sourceforge.net
.PP
Bugs can be reported at https://bugs.launchpad.net/uck/
